Add tools: discord faucet (#129)
cosmos/awesome-cosmos: README.md

* [Tools](#tools)
    * [CLI](#cli)
    * [GUI](#gui)

>     * [BOTS](#bots)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [Bots](#bots)
```

* [REStake](https://restake.app) - Auto-compounder app for Cosmos blockchains using Authz ([source](https://github.com/eco-stake/restake)).
* [Yieldmos](https://yieldmos.com) - Staking and LP rewards auto-compounder using Authz.

> ### Faucets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bots
```

Author: I thought about creating the `Bots` section at first, but I couldn't decide if it was more of a bot or a faucet, and I went with the faucet.  Tbh I think both are ok, it can go either way. What do you mean by "add the section to the ToC" ?

Reviewer: It's just so that we don't end-up with too specific sections.
ToC = Table of Content. Can you please add the `Bots` section there?

Author: Sure thing, under tools? or a new section?

> * [Cosmos Discord Faucet](https://github.com/0x4139/cosmos-discord-faucet) - A discord faucet for cosmos sdk based projects that is fully configurable for any chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Cosmos Discord Faucet](https://github.com/0x4139/cosmos-discord-faucet) - A configurable discord faucet for Cosmos SDK blockchains.
```
